Maxphotographer

Lightway html5 gallery cms designed for photographers and artists.
A simple admin interface allows you to simply edit the gallery.
You can make your own sections, add/remove multiple images, change the images order of the gallery.
The gallery is design responsive. It has a "smartphone view": try to resize the page or just display it from a smartphone.

The gallery is divided in 2 parts: the website and the api.
The website is in html5 and can be placed anywhere, on an other server than the api or even exported to phongap(/cordova).

By its design the gallery's images cannot be saved by right click. Images are resized to fit in the gallery.


INSTALLATION

Note: The gallery doesn't require any database.

1. If you don't have php on your server, read on: the gallery can work by its own. Else go to "2.".
To add/edit images manually edit the file gallery.json. Root objects are the sections. The contain an array of objects containing name and url of the image. You can delete the api folder as it is not needed.

2. If you have php. Make sure storage/gallery.json is writable (chmod 666). Make sure the gallery folder is writable (chmod 777).
Edit $def_login and $def_password in api/user/login.php and logon with your new identifiers to http://your_website/?login 

3. If you want to split the api from the website just keep on your server the folders api and storage

HOW TO ADMINISTRATE

first log in to http://your_website/?login
 
- add section: fill the input "new category" and add images to this category (see section below).
Note: if no image is added, the section will not be saved

- add image(s): You can drag n drop your images from your computer to the gallery. If you prefer a more conventional way, choose the button upload at the bottom of the gallery. (On chrome it's called "Choose files...", on firefox "Browse...").
Note: The images will be uploaded to the section you are viewing

- remove image(s): select (with left click) one or more images. Click on the remove button

- move image: select just one image, click on the button up or down to move it

- remove section: Just click on the cross near the section name in the menu. Validate with ok when you are asked.
